README.md, before:

# WiFi-xlation
## Venue WiFi Audio Translation for mobile devices
A simultaneous audio translation system for venues using local WiFi and the web browser of mobile devices based on Web RTC. The server is packaged in a [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) utilising the the [Janus WebRTC Server](https://github.com/meetecho/janus-gateway), [Nginx web server](https://www.nginx.com/) and the [Debian slim Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/debian).

Any web browser can be used to send or receive the translation. The UI currently targets mobile devices to provide a simple, clear interface for language selection and reception.

A QR code can be popped up to share the translation URL around the venue.

A simple configuration file, languages.conf, contains the names of the language channels and corresponding passwords for the translators.

It is also possible to send audio to a channel using [Opus](https://opus-codec.org/) over RTP, for example, from [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/). This way, one channel can then be used to relay the on-stage sound to translators in different rooms of the venue.

Multiple translators can use the same channel simultaneously. This is so that they can hand over to each other without breaking the transmission. The translators on the same channel will be able to hear each other.

![](src/doc/img/rx.png) ![](src/doc/img/tx.png) ![](src/doc/img/qr.png)


# Building

`docker build -t wifi-xlation .`


# Running

A helper bash script, xlationctl.sh, is provided to simplify, or just print out, common Docker commands for this application.

To run the application in localhost (WebRTC won't work beyond localhost without SSL):

`./xlationctl.sh start`

This will make the application available on `http://localhost`. If port 80 is already occupied on your host then this port can be shifted to, say, 8080:

`./xlationctl.sh start --portshift 8000`

To see what Docker command would be used for any combination of options just run with the `--dummy` switch. This will just print the Docker command rather than actually running it.

For the full range of options see:

`./xlationctl.sh --help`

# SSL

The SSL certificates can be supplied from files in a mounted directory or from an AWS S3 path. I have had some success using the [certbot-lambda](https://github.com/kingsoftgames/certbot-lambda) project to keep a current LetsEncrypt certificate on S3.


## Further documentation

### [Docker Variables and Mount Points](src/doc/Docker%20variables%20and%20mount%20points.md)

## Docker Image
Also available on [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/simonblandford/wifi-xlation)

Commit message:

Added video explaining Janus/Docker issues

README.md, after:

# WiFi-xlation
## Venue WiFi Audio Translation for mobile devices
A simultaneous audio translation system for venues using local WiFi and the web browser of mobile devices based on Web RTC. The server is packaged in a [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) utilising the the [Janus WebRTC Server](https://github.com/meetecho/janus-gateway), [Nginx web server](https://www.nginx.com/) and the [Debian slim Docker image](https://hub.docker.com/_/debian).

Any web browser can be used to send or receive the translation. The UI currently targets mobile devices to provide a simple, clear interface for language selection and reception.

A QR code can be popped up to share the translation URL around the venue.

A simple configuration file, languages.conf, contains the names of the language channels and corresponding passwords for the translators.

It is also possible to send audio to a channel using [Opus](https://opus-codec.org/) over RTP, for example, from [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/). This way, one channel can then be used to relay the on-stage sound to translators in different rooms of the venue.

Multiple translators can use the same channel simultaneously. This is so that they can hand over to each other without breaking the transmission. The translators on the same channel will be able to hear each other.

![](src/doc/img/rx.png) ![](src/doc/img/tx.png) ![](src/doc/img/qr.png)


# Building

`docker build -t wifi-xlation .`


# Running

A helper bash script, xlationctl.sh, is provided to simplify, or just print out, common Docker commands for this application.

To run the application in localhost (WebRTC won't work beyond localhost without SSL):

`./xlationctl.sh start`

This will make the application available on `http://localhost`. If port 80 is already occupied on your host then this port can be shifted to, say, 8080:

`./xlationctl.sh start --portshift 8000`

To see what Docker command would be used for any combination of options just run with the `--dummy` switch. This will just print the Docker command rather than actually running it.

For the full range of options see:

`./xlationctl.sh --help`

# SSL

The SSL certificates can be supplied from files in a mounted directory or from an AWS S3 path. I have had some success using the [certbot-lambda](https://github.com/kingsoftgames/certbot-lambda) project to keep a current LetsEncrypt certificate on S3.

# Janus/Docker issues

To best results either run this docker with network=host or using macvlan. This useful video explains the issues : [Alessandro Amirante - Janus &Docker: friends or foe?](https://youtu.be/mrV2BQ95UFY)

## Further documentation

### [Docker Variables and Mount Points](src/doc/Docker%20variables%20and%20mount%20points.md)

## Docker Image
Also available on [Dockerhub](https://hub.docker.com/r/simonblandford/wifi-xlation)
